many complain that our products are neither
what is not suitable it is not quite right
for example we are releasing the best in the world
wood fountain pens are the best in the world
no one in the world has let you out anymore
though we don’t write to them either but
anyway people are buying them and how these
pens are very good to use as
caps for wall holes books screws
well therefore not smart to state
our goods are no good for anything
very good only need to know
what on shtof such as children
flying saucers good wheels
from corrosion close the candlestick
gift box is suitable for self defense
clove cologne repels mosquitoes
fish hunt cookies for 14 kopeks which
all natural products made soda
lime sand
hello is called
they say who took the one with hi yes it is
impossible but it can be very beautiful with this
cookies laid out on display fist
glory to Labor
no wonder we are called people craftsmen and
consider people left-handed not in that sense
we have left all things and engaged
in the sense that we can finish
remake shrink even
saleswomen in stores selling as if
our whole nation is one circle skillful hands
and that intelligent there was a colander with him
hand holes with holes
network it is necessary to drive in with holes
take thermos yes what are we doing there
all learned to find a replacement
window pads industry not
produces foam mattress and sold out
cut down for pillows do not get
rags full of glass wool finally sheepskin
deficiency learned to turn away
borderline stupid
glue moment is over can be chewed
risk of candy stick up what you want
a chisel dries no scratch like that
combination of acquired ingenuity with
innate simplicity makes
our man is almost invulnerable in
any situation
try not to give our commander he in
hotel iron he put in Riga under
mattress and will not sleep all night
move no nation in the world anymore
this ingenuity has no y
they are written there overseas appreciate
vacuum cleaner means this vacuum cleaner shovel from
shovels remedy for gallon pain helps
just from a headache came to wash
every day in cola liquid for hair
muscles developed hair erased
so there is no such thing from abroad
flight of thought there will never see
Americans treasure box medical
a plaster
German under Mercedes of which a spark
gone forever
Italian which is over nail polish
applies another layer of glue bf-6 to this varnish
not a single Frenchwoman
won't guess to postpone the torn
tights what then wear them under pants
on Saturday
so it's a blasphemy to claim
our products no matter what do not work enough
the fact that they are already in demand
the global marketplace they still make our people
educated
a doerful and savvy like no other nation
in the world we have every child understands that
it means to put a bug on every old woman
knows which wheel should be rotated
elevator shaft when you get stuck and finally
any woman if the hair dryer gets bad
dry your head in the oven gas stove
at the same time will remain a live ruddy and
happy with our lives like all of us
no matter what